Why Sauengard?
In 2020 I contracted Covid-19...and it never left my body. Among the dozens of symptoms associated with 'Long COVID',
perhaps the most cruel are insomnia, and what is often called, 'brain fog'- a frustrating, cognitive impairment which
hampers one's ability to think, function and create. It was suggested by one of my doctors that I try to 'exercise'
my brain, possibly by learning a language. Later, my daughter recommended I combine the suggestion with my beloved
computer hobby, and teach myself a *computer* language.

Though I have been building and fiddling with PC's for more than 40 years, I hadn't actually coded much of anything on
a computer since about 1983. Back then, machines generally shipped with a BASIC interpreter, and BASIC is all I ever
coded with. Many years later, I read Edsger Dijkstra's somewhat famous quote: 'It is practically impossible to teach
good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC; As potential programmers they are mentally
mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.'
I am sure that in my case, this is funny because it's true. This is my first attempt at Python, as well as
Object-Oriented-Programming concepts. If you are a programmer, I am sure you will be shaking your head at all of the
inefficiency, redundancy and amateur choices I have made. However, I am quite content to have simply been able to
accomplish something I never thought possible, to learn a little something along the way, and to have some fun.
This program is the culmination of many challenging, often grueling, hours in front of a screen, during
the productive time of day, when ability, desire, and motivation converge.

Sauengard is inspired by games from the early microcomputer era, specifically, games which I played on the
Commodore 64 and IBM PC, such as Telengard (1983), (The name Sauengard is, of course, inspired by Telengard.),
which was based on an earlier game called 'DND' (uppercase), which was ported from an earlier game called
'dnd' (lowercase). For more: http://www.armory.com/~dlp/dnd1.html
The dungeon loot, combat systems and interactives are all custom but are also influenced by Telengard,
(though a bit more sophisticated), but also draw from other fantasies, free table-top RPGs, and perhaps most
affectionately, early electronic board games.
Most of the monsters are inspired by the ubiquitous fantasy varieties, some have been created from imagination,
but all have been customized to strike a balance between challenging and fun. I have tried to include as many of the
original monsters from Telengard as possible.
Sauengard is similar to early text games in its navigation, descriptions, and low-key humor.
Fans of retro computing will likely recognize some throwbacks and homages to these wonderful games from a bygone era
of computing. I have tried to galvanize my memories of this nostalgia to create a text-driven adventure that
captures the experience of early computer gaming.
I coded this mainly for myself and my cousin Bill, with whom I spent many late evenings playing
on my Commodore 64, but it is my hope that you enjoy it as well. If you have a problem or suggestion, or if you are
enjoying Sauengard, please feel free to email me at: pitsker@proton.me
