Standing over the defeated queen in glorious victory and catching your breath, you and your companions exchange silent
affirmations, which gradually grow into grins, chuckling, and finally, elated laughter!
"Unscathed! Pure, complete victory!", shouts Magnus, in partial disbelief.
"Indeed! Well done, my friends, well done!", adds Vozzbozz.
Tor'Bron raises a fist and howls with a powerful cry, "So it ends!"
"So it ends...", you mutter, as you drop your pack, and take a seat upon it. The three continue to congratulate each
other in a cacophony of laughs, shouts and banter.
Si'Kira notices your silence and approaches, wiping blood from her mouth and sheathing her dark blade.
"So, my crestfallen friend! What vexes thee?", she queries in a tone of kindness.
"So much loss. So much pain. And, what has been gained by this?", you lament, and continue, "What is lost is gone
forever."
"True enough, true enough.", she agrees. After a pause, she adds, "We have stopped the hemorrhaging wound of
our world, and soon we will begin to heal."
Silently, you look up at her smooth features and optimistic smile, framed by her silvery locks.
Standing up and offering a hand, she says, "We have the rest of our lives to ponder."
Taking it in yours, you raise yourself up as she shouts, "Right now, there is some ale to drink!!"
The other three overhear her announcement and agree in a chorus of laughter.

Then, squinting through the gloom, you spy a dim, pulsing glow beneath the remains of the fallen queen.
"Wait!", you protest.
Examining further, you discover the handle of a sword of incredible size and otherworldly workmanship. Grasping for the
hilt, you see the gleaming skull which forms the pommel, and pull it free from the corpse. Removing it from its sheath
to reveal its full length, power and glory, the party gasps and marvels at the find.
"A sword of Weirdness!", says Magnus in disbelief.
"Truly, a weapon of kings!", adds Vozzbozz.
"Well, you have found the reward of your quest..", begins Tor'Bron.
"Yes,", you interject, "But, this is not it."
As all eyes rest upon you, you continue, "The quest itself has been the reward."
Looking at each one in turn, you smile and simply say, "Thank you, my friends".

"To the Slumbering Bear, then!", cries Lazarus, swooping in from the darkness, and then flying off just as abruptly.