Coming to the bar, you quickly scan the room for the man with the raven, who is not hard to spot. He sits at a booth
across from a gargantuan brute who is comically wedged between table and seat. Before you have a chance to interrupt,
the barbarian abruptly stands, towering above and unapologetically colliding with your shoulder. The force nearly knocks
you off your feet. He turns and points a thick finger at Vozzbozz.
'Do not forget what we have agreed, elder one!', he bellows intensely.
You look at Vozzbozz. It is then that you notice his face; large, rounded features, wide lips perpetually
turned up into a half-smile, and bold black eyebrows. His big, brown eyes are opened almost uncomfortably wide,
giving the appearance of one endlessly fascinated or entertained. He looks directly at you, but addresses the
hulkish warrior in a far away tone, as though completely uninterested in their business.
'On the contrary, Tor'bron. It will be at the forefront of my mind..', he says, never looking away from you.
The barbarian grunts, somewhat perturbed, and leaves.
Vozzbozz stares deeply at you, wide-eyed, and still holding the ambiguous half-smile. 'ANOTHER QUEST WARRIOR!', says the
raven with a surprisingly deep, mellow voice. With a slight chuckle, Vozzbozz says, 'Not so hasty, Lazarus.
Such words can be...both accurate, and misleading..' Lazarus hops off his shoulder and flies to the parapet above the
bar, gazing down upon the various creatures, looking both regal and aloof.
Vozzbozz motions for you to sit. Right on cue, Jenna drops 2 heavy mugs of ale on the thick table and continues on her
way. Still holding each other's gaze, you both sip at the heavy ale. The man's robe is of the deepest purple you have
ever beheld. A medallion of gold hangs upon his neck.
You begin to speak, but he curtly interrupts by holding up a hand. He begins to trace an intricate pattern on the table
with his finger. Sipping his ale, he then blows on the table. The pattern he traced suddenly becomes visible, glowing
with a coppery sheen; the very same symbol from the dungeon; a crowned woman surrounded by skulls!
Vozzbozz snaps his finger and the image goes dark. 'What does it mean?', you ask.
'It is a curse, a blight; a malediction.', he says, now in a hushed tone. For the first time, his eyes narrow, break off
and scan the room for a moment. 'It is the sign of an old...enemy.', he says gravely, while looking around. His focus
returns. 'What you must know, is that you now share this danger. This journey you have embarked upon is one of great
peril, and it has now crossed the path of others... others, who would combine their... forces, to put a stop to an evil
that has been festering for many long years.' Intrigued, you silently begin to process his words.
'In the meantime, there is a troublesome nuisance below that must be dealt with. And, you are being tasked with this.'
Taken aback, you retort, 'I am being tasked...?' Unfazed, he continues, 'Indeed. Return here when it is done.'
Quick and smooth, he leaves you with your ale, as Lazarus flies back to his shoulder and they both make their exit.
Looking back to the table, you notice a small note that somehow appeared, or escaped your notice.
Breaking the seal, you unfold and scan the parchment. The handwriting is wispy and neat...
