His countenance falls to a sombre grimacing. 'We have a common enemy now, my friend. It is good to have a worthy ally
such as you to join us..'
'Us?', you query, somewhat confused and annoyed.
'Of course!', he bellows. 'You are one of us now! Surely you will join us on this quest! We all walk upon the same path!
What do you think?' He snorts.
'Frankly, I do not know what to think.', you reply, matter-of-factly. 'I am searching for a lost item- a treasure, which
belongs to my people. It is a weapon that can help us stave off the never ending assaults of undead armies by which we
are plagued.. I have met Vozzbozz, and was given a perilous quest- which he indicated would be imperative, but which
turned out to be nothing more than a useless errand.' You turn to look at the dagger sticking out of the wall.
The barbarian's face twists further into unpleasantness, and he seems to be attempting to control himself.
'And who do you think has your weapon? Hm? You think you will go down, deeper into the dungeons, and you will find it,
unguarded in a chest somewhere? Hm?' He stares at you waiting for your reaction.
Defensively, you reply, 'I will find it wherever it resides, by any means necessary..'
Tor'bron slams the table with both hands and the building reverberates. The bar is reduced to silence.
You match his fiery gaze. He leans forward, and then, noticing the silence, calls out, 'BACK TO YOUR DRINK!'
Jenna shakes her head and the rabble slowly restarts. Returning to you, he says, 'You will die! You will die that way,
because SHE has it..'
You flash an incredulous smirk.
His speech takes on a hurried cadence. 'We dare not speak her name here. Just know that your people, and mine, and all
free peoples are at the mercy of a tyrant with unnatural abilities and unspeakable powers.
She has destroyed everything in my world, and we are going to crush and annihilate her for...JUSTICE!'
Swiftly, he slides out and heads to the door. Then, turning on his heel, he fires, 'This is not a quest for the weak!'
All in his path prudently make way for the seething brute, and then turn their attention to you.
Quietly, you sit; alone, self-conscious, and introspective.
