'Magnus. A good, strong name!', you say, admiringly. Magnus receives the compliment with a quick, solemn nod.
'A good strong name for a good strong man!', Vozzbozz interjects. The dwarf remains silent as they hit their mugs of
ale together. Magnus' dark hair and features appear ever more apparent as you contrast them with the Quantum Manipulator
sitting beside him; an unlikely pair, you think to yourself, as Jenna slides a fresh mug for you onto the table.
'Well, it is most welcome to be in the company of..friendly companions', you say, somewhat enigmatically.
Vozzbozz' wide eyes turn to you and with the ever-present half-smile, he says, 'Ah. You are referring to Tor'Bron and
his...forthright manner.'
'I suppose I am..', you reply.
'Ah, yes. Well, what can be said? His words and actions are always direct. I find his frankness to be quite a welcome
departure from some of the unscrupulous brigands about these parts, with their tiresome innuendo and ponderous
small talk!'
Thoughtfully, you reply, 'I suppose you have a point..'
Patiently, Vozzbozz continues, 'Tor'bron is an excellent ally as you will find, and you should hope never to find him as
an enemy! Lowering his eyes to the nasty-looking knife across the room, he says, 'As we sit here, in this room full of
would-be gold-looting thieves, the knife still resides where he left it. No one dare touch it; Another thing you will
find of Tor'bron is that as loud as his voice can be, his actions still speak louder- and this proves the point.'
You silently consider his words.
'We have all lost much, and Tor'bron not the least. His beloved Anya, as well as his entire clan were taken from him.
And though the burning of his anger shall never quench the thirst and longing for his loved ones who have fallen
asleep in death, he is an intelligent warrior who focuses his rage with the precision and speed of a striking pit vyper!
Tor'bron wants the same thing as you.' He turns his head to Magnus. 'Indeed, we all want the same thing.', Magnus adds
in a sombre tone. A moment of silence crosses the table as the three of you drink. You look at the two men and wonder
what losses they have suffered.
'How many of 'us' are there?', you finally ask and wonder out loud.
'You have met us all now..', retorts Vozzbozz.
'And you believe we can defeat Queen Jannbrielle together?'
With a quick finger to his lips, Magnus comes to life. 'We won't speak of it here.. We are four now, and from what I
'ave learned o' ye, four is enough.'
