'My time has passed', utters the old man, defeated and forlorn, 'but your time begins NOW.'
Standing beside a scorched writing table outside the once-great library which now lay in smoke and ruin, Gorndam,
the eldest living scholar of Tinbar looks up, over his spectacles, full of weariness and worry.
'Tinbar is no more. Those strong enough to fight have fought bravely and died. I dare say, it is merely blind chance
which has mercifully arranged your standing here before me. Were you not on an errand from the council, you would have
undoubtedly joined them all in death.'
You shudder to think of the loss and destruction which has befallen this land, as well as the implications for the world
beyond. And now, in your brief absense, the unrelenting horde of undead have returned one last time, to ravage and raze
all that remained. Your people are no more. Those who stayed to fight were massacred. Those who were advised to leave
are scattered. The Library, the very seat of knowledge in the northern world is now a heap of rubble.
As you and Gorndam look upon the remnants of burnt books and scrolls, the vast, still, and empty land sprawls out
beyond, covered in decimation.
'Our precious Tinbar.. And The Library! The beacon of the kingdom, the light of knowledge! Lost...', you manage to say.
'The source of this evil lies far away, but its reach is long.', the old man says. 'However, that is precisely where
a weapon of ancient power and magnificence resides. A weapon which can vanquish the unspeakable horror behind this
atrocity.', his voice trails off.
He continues, 'Now, make haste. There is a town at the foot of The Black Mountain, some 40 days south of here,
called Fieldenberg. It is the gateway to the underworld which leads to your goal.'
You look to the long South Road, flanked by fields and rolling hills- once green and idyllic, but now, foul and
blackened by innumerable corpses and the twisted wreckage of siege engines. A kettle of vultures circles overhead
as the rising sun casts eerie shadows across the bleak landscape.
'There is no longer any hope here. Evil of this magnitude cannot be defeated by ordinary means. Therefore, I am sending
you on one final errand, young one. I am sending you to the realms of......'


                                                 S A U E N G A R D



