She smiles and flashes a forked tongue between gleaming fangs. Her impossibly smooth, milky-white skin shimmers beneath
the torchlight. On her head sits a crown of many skulls. Her raven-black hair shines gloriously. Every muscle, vein,
and bone of her lovely flesh draw you to her. You cannot help but stare at her regal face, with her strong jawline,
black, pouting lips and eyes of deep obsidian. "How could such beauty exist?", you find yourself marveling aloud!
The undead queen hears you and looks straight at you with pure, wicked pride, her head held high.
"How? You Wonder?", interjects Vozzbozz, now stepping forward. "A simple matter of unnatural manipulation-
forbidden and evil manipulation, toward youth and great beauty, at great cost..", he adds.
"Jannbrielle is a wounded woman. Indeed, she was at death's door when I first met her..", he continues.
This new information takes you by surprise.
"Hold you tongue, young 'Master'!", she retorts. "You shall address me as Queen in these realms!", she asserts.
"Queen?", Vozzbozz queries. "As consort of what king? In order to be Queen, or Queen-regent, must there not also be
a kingdom? Surely, not even an army of involuntary undead servants can arbitrate and bestow such a title unto thee."
"No, my friends,", he continues, now addressing you and the party, "our 'Queen' is naught but a self-proclaimed monarch
with no authority.."
"With unbounded, and rightful authority!", Jannbrielle interrupts.
"No, my dear lady. No authority. What you have is power, purely and simply; And our world's history can largely be
reduced to instances of abuses of power, of which you are foremost. When first I found you and used Quantum Medicine to
treat your wounds, I soon ascertained that the youthful vigor and beauty you gained led to an obsession toward ever more
vitality. Though, I could never have foreseen the wake of sheer genocidal ruination your pursuits would become."
"Should I have simply accepted mortality, as the rest of creation, after you had given me a taste of the
sublime?", she asks genuinely, with wounded vulnerability and a quivering voice.
"You are right, Jannbrielle..", Vozzbozz agrees, regretfully. "I bear a measure of responsibility. But, I am not
burdened with the lives of these countless undead wretches whose lives you have stolen. That is *your* charge!"
"So, the undead horde..", Si'Kira begins.
"Yes, that's right, child. Every unfortunate, enslaved  and undead creature in this realm is a victim of her twisted and
unnatural procurement of Quantum Energy, which she uses for her own selfish gains. It keeps her young, irresistibly
beautiful, and powerful."
"My bride! My Family!", bellows Tor'Bron.
"My people!", adds Magnus, grimly.
"My tribe!", hisses Si'Kira.
"Tinbar, and the entire Northern Kingdom..!", you manage to say, forlorn and aghast at these revelations.
Vozzbozz turns to face the party. "We fight for them all! Every species and every victim!", he says with inspired
resolve, his eyes ablaze.

        With one accord, you erupt in a deafening battle cry and steel yourselves for the final battle!
