The Town of Fieldenberg:
The gateway to the Sauengard Dungeon. Here, you will find a tavern, a blacksmith and a quantum chemist. Quantum items,
armor, and weapons may be purchased and sold for gold. Visiting the tavern allows for rest, which heals wounds and
recovers quantum energy (for a small fee). The tavern is also a local gathering place where you will participate in
events which will be triggered by your progress in the dungeon.
Visit often, and remember to save your character to disk!

Dungeon Navigation:
W-A-S-D is used for North, South, East, and West. Also, if in wider-open areas, compound movements may be used;
NE, NW, SE, SW. Pay attention to the descriptions of the spaces you navigate to! Use the (L)ook function if you are
interrupted by an encounter with a monster. You may want to keep track of your progress throughout the dungeons
with graph paper.

MAGIC?? WHAT MAGIC?
It has often, and quite accurately, been said that yesterdays 'magic' is nothing more than today's technology. While it
is quite true that there is, by the very quantum nature of the universe we live in, an infinitesimally small,
(but nonzero) chance that you could actually walk through a wall of solid rock, (as if 'magically'), if you try enough
times, I do not recommend you attempt to do so.
The world of Sauengard has no 'magic', per se. Instead, it has been replaced by 'Quantum Weirdness'. A person using
such 'forces' and 'energies' is called a 'Quantum Manipulator' and, may eventually become a Quantum Mentor or even a
Quantum Master. Quantum feats, or, 'effects' become possible through one's 'innate knowledge and understanding' of
Quantum Nature, gleaned through experience.
Re-animated skeletons, storms of lightning, and the healing of flesh, all become possible, based on the actual
impossibly small, but nonzero chances of such occurrences in our world, by one's level of experience in this
'Weird Art'. Harnessing such effects are critical to success in the dungeons, and most require substantial Wisdom
to master, though a few require Intelligence as well.

A Paladin? A Fighter? A 'Quantum Manipulator'? What am I?

Sauengard allows players access to a set pool of stats from which ability stats may be customized. This system
allows for a reasonable compromise between what is fair, possible, and fun, when creating a player character. It is
the player who will ultimately decide how to build and level up their character, allowing for great customization and
enjoyment. At the beginning of the game, your homeland, friends and culture are destroyed. It is up to you to build
an optimal character in order to overcome the challenges ahead. Will you choose a tank-like fighter, relying heavily
on your melee skills, or, opt for a more Quantum-Centric Manipulator, or, a balanced compromise? Make no mistake,
success relies heavily on Quantum Manipulation as well as physical attacks. Certain monsters will be resistent or immune
to Quantum effects, so do not underestimate the usefulness of steel! At levels 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, and 19, you will
have access to an ability augmentation system, which facilitates increasing ability stats according to your preferences,
for customizing and improving your character even further.

